Update screenshots as Kubewarden tab was renamed (#664)
kubewarden/docs: docs/howtos/ui-extension/01-install.md

### Creating policies

When creating policies, you will initially be given a "Custom Policy" option from the Policy Grid.

> Provide the required information for your policy's Name, Module, and Rules. We recommend to add Policy Catalog repository to access Kubewarden official policies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provide the required information for your policy's Name, Module, and Rules. It's recommended to add the Policy Catalog repository to access Kubewarden's official policies.
```
